MS Service Bus Connector: Added field descriptions where none existed (#762)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/ms-dynamics/ms-service-bus-connector-reference.adoc

** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  A TimeUnit which qualifies the #deliveryDelay attribute.  Defaults to MILLISECONDS |  MILLISECONDS |
| Jms Type a| String |  A message JMSType identifier supplied by a client when a message is sent. |  |
|===

==== Connection Types
[[config_shared-access-signature]]
===== Shared Access Signature (Deprecated)

====== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Skip connectivity test a| Boolean |  (Optional) Skips the connectivity test at connector startup (use this if your access policy is restricted). |  false |

> | Max Connections a| Number |  Maximum number of connections to keep in pool to be reused by producer. If set to "-1" it will create a new connection everytime. |  -1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max Connections a| Number |  Maximum number of connections to keep in pool for the producer to reuse.  If set to `-1`,  a new connection is created every time. |  -1 |
```

| Caching Strategy a| One of:

* no-caching
* <<default-caching>> |  The strategy to use for caching of Sessions and Connections |  |
| Service Namespace a| String |  |  | x
| Storage Account Name a| String |  (Optional) The account name of the Blob Storage to use to store large messages. |  |
| Storage Access Key a| String |  (Optional) The account key of the Blob Storage to use to store large messages. |  |

> | Container Name a| String |  (Optional) The container name in the Blob Storage to use to store large messages. If this parameter is not provided a default container will be created |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Container Name a| String |  (Optional) The container name in the Blob Storage to use to store large messages. If this parameter is not provided a default container is created. |  |
```

| Shared Access Signature a| String |  |  |
| SAS tokens provider a| SharedAccessSignatureProvider |  Provider instance that will provide SAS tokens when required. |  |
| SAS tokens list a| Array of String |  List of SAS tokens to use when required. |  |

> | Max redeliveries a| Number |  Controls when an incoming message is rejected based on the number of times it has been redelivered, the default value is (-1) disabled. A value of zero would indicate no message redeliveries are accepted, a value of five would allow a message to be redelivered five times, etc. |  -1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max redeliveries a| Number |  Controls when an incoming message is rejected based on the number of times it has been redelivered. The default value is `-1` (disabled). A value of `0` (zero) means that no message redeliveries are accepted. A value of `5` means a message will be redelivered five times, and so on. |  -1 |
```

| Outcome a| Enumeration, one of:

** ACCEPTED
** REJECTED
** RELEASED
** MODIFIED_FAILED
** MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |  Controls the outcome that is applied to a message that is being rejected due to it having exceeded the configured maxRedeliveries value. |  MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |

> | Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to `true`, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. | `true` |
```

|===
[[config_username-password]]
===== Username Password (Deprecated)

====== Parameters
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Skip connectivity test a| Boolean |  (Optional) Skips the connectivity test at connector startup (use this if your access policy is restricted). |  false |

> | Max Connections a| Number |  Maximum number of connections to keep in pool to be reused by producer. If set to "-1" it will create a new connection everytime. |  -1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Maximum number of connections to keep in pool for the producer to reuse.  If set to `-1`,  a new connection is created every time. |  -1 |
```

| Caching Strategy a| One of:

* no-caching

> * <<default-caching>> |  The strategy to use for caching of Sessions and Connections |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<default-caching>> |  The strategy to use for caching Sessions and Connections |  |
```

| Service Namespace a| String |  |  | x
| Storage Account Name a| String | (Optional) The account name of the Blob Storage to use to store large messages |  |
| Storage Access Key a| String | (Optional) The account key of the Blob Storage to use to store large messages. |  |

> | Container Name a| String |  (Optional) The container name in the Blob Storage to use to store large messages. If this parameter is not provided a default container will be created |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Container Name a| String |  (Optional) The container name in the Blob Storage to use to store large messages. If this parameter is not provided a default container is created. |  |
```

| Shared Access Key Name a| String |  |  | x
| Shared Access Key a| String |  |  | x

> | Max redeliveries a| Number |  Controls when an incoming message is rejected based on the number of times it has been redelivered, the default value is (-1) disabled. A value of zero would indicate no message redeliveries are accepted, a value of five would allow a message to be redelivered five times, etc. |  -1 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Max redeliveries a| Number |  Controls when an incoming message is rejected based on the number of times it has been redelivered. The default value is `-1` (disabled). A value of `0` (zero) means that no message redeliveries are accepted. A value of `5` means a message will be redelivered five times, and so on. |  -1 |
```

| Outcome a| Enumeration, one of:

** ACCEPTED
** REJECTED
** RELEASED
** MODIFIED_FAILED
** MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |  Controls the outcome that is applied to a message that is being rejected due to it having exceeded the configured maxRedeliveries value |  MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |

> | Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  |
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Skip connectivity test a| Boolean |  (Optional) Skips the connectivity test at connector startup (use this if your access policy is restricted). |  false |

> | Max Connections a| Number |  Maximum number of connections to keep in pool to be reused by producer. If set to "-1" it will create a new connection everytime. |  -1 |

Reviewer: For Max Connections, same as previous suggestion

| Caching Strategy a| One of:

* no-caching
* <<default-caching>> |  The strategy to use for caching of Sessions and Connections |  |
| Service Namespace a| String |  |  | x
| Username a| String |  |  | x
| Password a| String |  |  | x
| Fully Qualified Domain Name a| String |  |  | x
| Port a| String |  |  9355 |
| Disable SSL certificate validation a| Boolean |  |  false |
| Idle timeout a| Number |  The idle timeout in milliseconds after which the connection will be failed if the peer sends no AMQP frames. |  60000 |

> | Max redeliveries a| Number |  Controls when an incoming message is rejected based on the number of times it has been redelivered, the default value is (-1) disabled. A value of zero would indicate no message redeliveries are accepted, a value of five would allow a message to be redelivered five times, etc. |  -1 |

Reviewer: Same as previous suggestion

| Outcome a| Enumeration, one of:

** ACCEPTED
** REJECTED
** RELEASED
** MODIFIED_FAILED
** MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |  Controls the outcome that is applied to a message that is being rejected due to it having exceeded the configured maxRedeliveries value. |  MODIFIED_FAILED_UNDELIVERABLE |

> | Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  When the application is deployed, a connectivity test is performed on all connectors. If set to true, deployment fails if the test doesn't pass after exhausting the associated reconnection strategy. |  |
```

** ALWAYS_JOIN
** JOIN_IF_POSSIBLE

> ** NOT_SUPPORTED |  type of transactional action. |  NOT_SUPPORTED |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** NOT_SUPPORTED |  Type of transactional action |  NOT_SUPPORTED |
```

** AUTO
** ALWAYS
** NEVER |  Correlation strategy id for operation. |  | x
| Body a| Any |  The body of the Message |  `#[payload]` |
| JMS Type a| String |  The JMSType identifier header of the Message |  |
| Correlation ID a| String |  The JMSCorrelationID header of the Message |  |
| Send Content Type a| Boolean |  Whether or not the body content type should be sent as a property |  true |
| Content Type a| String |  The content type of the message's body |  |
| Send Encoding a| Boolean |  Whether or not the body outboundEncoding should be sent as a Message property |  true |
| Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the message's body |  |
| Reply To a| <<ServiceBusJmsDestination>> |  The destination where a reply to this Message should be sent |  |

> | User Properties a| Object |  The custom user properties that should be set to this Message |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| User Properties a| Object |  The custom user properties that should be set for this Message |  |
```
??
This and the next couple of fields say "to this message" but I think it should be for?

** AUTO
** MANUAL
** DUPS_OK |  The Session ACK mode to use when consuming a message |  |
| Number Of Consumers a| Number |  The number of concurrent consumers to use to receive JMS Messages |  1 |

> | Primary Node Only a| Boolean |  Whether this source should only be executed on the primary node when running in Cluster |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Primary Node Only a| Boolean |  Whether this source should be executed only on the primary node when running in a cluster |  |
```

| Redelivery Policy a| <<RedeliveryPolicy>> |  Defines a policy for processing the redelivery of the same message |  |
| Source Type a| String |  |  | x
| Destination a| String |  |  | x
| Subscription a| String |  |  | x
| Content Type a| String |  |  |
| Encoding a| String |  |  |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<reconnect>>
* <<reconnect-forever>> |  A retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
| Body a| Any |  The body of the Message |  `#[payload]` |
| JMS Type a| String |  The JMSType identifier header of the Message |  |
| Correlation ID a| String |  The JMSCorrelationID header of the Message |  |
| Send Content Type a| Boolean |  Whether or not the body content type should be sent as a property |  true |
| Content Type a| String |  The content type of the message's body |  |
| Send Encoding a| Boolean |  Whether or not the body outboundEncoding should be sent as a Message property |  true |
| Encoding a| String |  The encoding of the message's body |  |
| Reply To a| <<ServiceBusJmsDestination>> |  The destination where a reply to this Message should be sent |  |

> | User Properties a| Object |  The custom user properties that should be set to this Message |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| User Properties a| Object |  The custom user properties to set for this message |  |
```

> | JMSX Properties a| <<JmsxProperties>> |  The JMSX properties that should be set to this Message |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| JMSX Properties a| <<JmsxProperties>> |  The JMSX properties to set for this message |  |
```

** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit to use in the timeToLive configurations |  |
| Disable Message Id a| Boolean |  If true, the Message is flagged to avoid generating its MessageID |  |
| Disable Message Timestamp a| Boolean |  If true, the Message is flagged to avoid generating its sent Timestamp |  |

> | Delivery Delay a| Number |  Only used by JMS 2.0. Sets the delivery delay to be applied to postpone the Message delivery |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Delivery Delay a| Number |  Only used by JMS 2.0. Sets the delivery delay to apply to postpone the message delivery. |  |
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Max Redelivery Count a| Number | The maximum number of times a message can be redelivered and processed unsuccessfully before triggering process-failed-message |  |
| Use Secure Hash a| Boolean | Whether to use a secure hash algorithm to identify a redelivered message. |  |

> | Message Digest Algorithm a| String | The secure hashing algorithm to use. If not set, the default is SHA-256. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Message Digest Algorithm a| String | The secure hashing algorithm to use.  | SHA-256 |
```

> | Id Expression a| String | Defines one or more expressions to use to determine when a message has been redelivered. This property may only be set if useSecureHash is false. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Id Expression a| String | Defines one or more expressions to use to determine when a message has been redelivered. This property can be set only if useSecureHash is false. |  |
```
